Feature/web3mail update (#97)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: tools/web3mail/methods/fetchUserContacts.md

// ---cut---

const contactsList = await web3mail.fetchUserContacts({
  userAddress: '0xF048...', // [!code focus]
});
```

### isUserStrict

`boolean`

> This parameter enables fetching contacts that grant access exclusively to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter enables fetching contacts who granted access exclusively to the
```

user and no one else.

:::tip

When someone grants access, you can choose to grant access to a specific

> individual (a wallet) or to any users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user (a wallet) or to any user
```
